Assistant manager Goliss looked through the production report with growing
enthusiasm. Yes! This was proving to be the smoking gun she needed. The
evidence was right there. Boston's director, Williams, had been lying. His
station's actual production wasn't the worst of the stations but it was much
less than what he had been publishing in his monthly summaries. Clearly he was
hiding something.

Goliss sent the reports that Addie had generated, along with an explanatory
message, to the adminstrators at Bon Jovi. This would be interesting.

A few days later Goliss found herself sitting next to Dr. Schnell, Director of
Mars Resource Production. Dr. Schnell had been in her position since the
colonists had landed five years ago. She was excellent in that role and was
someone that Goliss looked up to. Williams sat across the table from them. He
had a smug and confident look on his pudgy face.

"Well, Director Williams," Schnell began in her high pitched voice. "We've
received reports that show the production from your station is, in reality,
far less than what you've been reporting. Can you explain that?"

Williams smiled an obsequious smile "I'm sure there is some mistake. I mean,
where did these reports come from. Was it a reliable source?  Obviously they
are wrong. My station has been a solid producer for years."

Goliss glared and jumped in before Schnell could reply. "Director Williams,"
she placed ironic emphasis on the title, "I provided the reports. I myself
commissioned a programmer to generate these reports from the raw data
logs. They are correct. You, in fact, have been lying to Bon Jovi this whole
time!"

Williams rolled his eyes and smiled a patronizing smile. He spread his arms
wide and cocked his head to the side. "Well, Assistant Manager Goliss," he
also emphasised her title, "I'm not sure that we should jump to drastic
conclusions if these reports came from you. Considering your track record and
all. Director Schnell, I don't think we can consider these so called reports
at all." It didn't seem possible but Williams' smug look grew even smugger.

Goliss started to fume, steam building up behind her eyes. She opened her
mouth to reply but Dr. Schnell jumped in.

"Director Williams. You may be dismayed to hear that we have confirmed the
reports. After Goliss brought this to our attention, we did our own
investigation and found the same results. So the question is still 'why?'. Why
have you been fabricating reports?"

Williams tried to maintain his composure but it was clear that he was
beginning to be concerned. The smile on his face faded slightly and his face
began to flushed. He pulled his hands back in and folded them on the table in
front of him. "Surely there is a mistake here," he sputtered. "Seriously? You
think that I've been making up the data? Why would I do such a thing? Clearly
Goliss has some sort of vendetta against me. Somehow she was able to fake the
data, even for you, Dr. Schnell." Beads of perspiration started to form on his
brow.

"There's no mistake!" Goliss slammed her hand on the table. "You know it!"
Goliss's eyes burned with an intensity that threatened to melt Williams right
in his seat. She rose halfway from her chair and leaned across the table
towards Williams. She pointed a finger directly at him, only a few inches from
his face. "You had better own up to this and now!"

His eyes grew wide and he leaned back, trying to get away from her. 

"Yeah, but... I mean, it's a mistake... You have to believe me." he stated
weakly.

Dr. Schnell replied, "No, Williams, it's not a mistake. So now we need an
explanation." The Director tapped Goliss on the arm and signaled her to sit
back down. "Let's give him a chance to explain." Goliss, her eyes still
smoldering slowly lowered herself back into the chair.

The Boston director deflated entirely. He remained silent for a few moments
then in a quiet voice he started to explain.

"A few years ago we started to see some anomolies in our production and in the
mines. It wasn't the mines as much as it was the people working the mines and
attending to the mining robots. People started getting sick, and uh, even
dying. Unfortunately this impacted my entire miner programming staff. So for
the last few years we haven't had any programmers. As our robot miners break,
we don't have any programmers to fix them so we just have to retire them. Thus
our production has dropped. Most of our miner robotss are ineffective now."

He paused to think of how to say the next part.

"I didn't want anyone to find out about the reduced production because then
they would ask about the robots which would lead to questions about the
programmers. After the disaster at landing, I was afraid people would pin this
on me."

Both Goliss and Schnell looked shocked. Finally Dr. Schnell replied. "So
you're saying that due to some unknown cause, your programming team got sick
and died. And you didn't think to tell anyone!" Her voice raised significantly
with the last sentence. Before Williams could answer she turned to Goliss.

"We have to get updated robots down there now! We need a programmer to update
the robot miner code. Then we need to find out about this sickness. Do you
have someone who can help?"

Goliss nodded. "Yes, I have a crack programmer who I'm sure could get the
miners fixed quickly. We can do that and get them back to full functionality."

"Good." Dr. Schnell turned to Williams. "This is inexcusable. Until further
notice you are on probation as director. Your assistant director, I believe
his name is Hycha, will assume your roll for now." Williams bowed his head in
defeat.

With that, Dr. Schnell stood and turned from the table. She looked at Goliss,
"Come on. We're done here." Goliss stood and the two left the room. Williams
remained at the table, his face pale.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Addie sat at her desk, again feeling drowsy in the early afternoon. She tried
to keep focused on her current task but the weak yellow light filtering in
through the dusty windows, combined with the stale, recycled air made it feel
like a losing battle. A spark of energy started within her when she thought
about the report that she had sent to Goliss a couple weeks ago. The Assistant
Director seemed excited to have recieved it. Hopefully it was what she wanted.

Almost as if Goliss had been reading her mind, a message flashed on Addie's
screen. "Call me in 10, G." Just like last time. She smiled. This was getting
interesting again.

Once at the Barsoom Lounge, and in a private place, Addie called Goliss. She
answered right away and sounded much happier than the previous time they
spoke.

"Hello! Great news. Thanks so much for that report. It was perfect."

"No problem," Addie replied.

"I took the report to Dr. Schnell and then we went to Boston..." She continued
and briefly explained to Addie what happened with Williams. After relating
those events she continued.

"I spoke with Dr. Schnell after the meeting. She is very concerned about this
unknown sickness and she wants updated miners right away. Can you do that?"

"Uh, sure. I haven't done any of the miner code here on Journey but it can't
be that hard."

"Ok good. I knew you could. I'll have someone send you more details. And, as
always, we need this right away."

Addie smiled. "Of course."

